CWSC is a fair scheduler predictor which predicts the task attempt
schedule for given workload. The input is a the dataset provided by
the extractor, and the output involves the predicted start time and
finish time of every task attempt.

Each row of the output consists of the following columns:

     pool job:weight task type ctime ptime stime stime1 ftime ftime1

where columns are delimited by "\t", and the meaning of each column

     pool:   pool name, a string
     job:    hashed job id, a hex number string
     weight: a numeric number
     task:   hashed task id
     type:   1 - map, 0 - reduce
     ctime:  task creation time, i.e. the time the task becomes
     	      visible to the scheduler
     ptime:  task duration
     stime:  real start time of the task attempt
     stime1: predicted start time of the task attempt
     ftime:  real finish time of the task attempt
     ftime1: predicted finish time of the task attempt
      
The input of the predictor is produced using the script ds2w.awk under
data/. Specifically, the following command is used

     $awk -f data/ds2w.awk path_to_dataset_file > data/input_file_name

Users also need to specify the input_file_name in conf/cwsc.conf
accordingly.

To start the predictor, simply run ./run.sh in the shell. The run.sh
will show the prediction progress of Map and Reduce on the console,
and write a log file under log/, of which the name is in format
"MMDD-HHmmSS." The log file contains information about preemption and
effective utilization.

As the predictor runs, a metric file is also written. The metric file
name is specified in conf/cwsc.conf as well. The metric file contains
sample values of certain metrics. Each row of the metric file is in
the following format:

    timestamp metric value

The "metrics_win" option in conf/cwsc.conf is used to specify the
sampling window size, in number of events. However, the interval
between two events varies depending on the workload and
configuration. One may need to try different sampling window sizes to
get desired metrics.
